
The Light of the Radiant One
by Hatonn
Channelled by Richard Miller, 1974.
Transcribed by OSWG, 2023. 

-----


Greetings in the Light of Our Radiant One.

I am Hatonn.

It has been a long period of time, since I have had the privilege of extending my thoughts
to your minds. And if I may be allowed the privilege, of perhaps submitting a few of my comments,
for your inspection, I would be greatly pleased. 

I would share my thoughts with all, on a topic which many upon your planet have given a great
deal of thought to. 

We have spoken many times in your past, about a subject you have called Love. 

And it has been most rewarding, to witness your thoughts, as you have pursued the various meanings, brought
to your consciousness. 

Of course, there remains a vast amount of thought, still available, on this topic. 

However, at this time, I should like to direct your thoughts into a somewhat different avenue.

Let us think about that most inclusive subject, called The Light. 

The Light, as it has been described, in many of the texts upon your world, and in conversations and discussions,
has seemed to be possessed of many exceptional qualities. We have noted upon many occassions, your various expressions
concerning the Light. The Light of the Radiant One. The Light of the Divine. The Light of the Creator - or whatever
other descriptive sources that you visualize the Light emanating from.

As you can see, there is a great deal of confusion about this subject of The Light. 
Perhaps I may somehow increase your awareness regarding this. When you employ the term 'the Light', perhaps you could
visualize it in this way: the Light is of no specific color, and yet, it is All Colors. Whether it be the visualization
of the pure white radiance, or however you do visualize it, it's color qualities are very incidental. 

But you are calling forth, and knowingly or not, invoking the most powerful emanation in Creation. 

In your holy works, I have observed a reference. It is this: "In the beginning, there was the Word."

The Word, my brothers and sisters, was the Light of our Radiant One. The most encompassing emanation in all Creation.
The Light, may be employed in every manner that is conceivable, to your mind, and for whatever purposes you envision.
You may call forth the light for the protection of your beings and persons, as well as for your loved ones and your
possessions.

You have invoked the Light on numerous occasions, to condition the very environment in which you exist. I believe
that on each such occasion, your employment of this force and essence, has always produced the desired results.
The reason I bring this topic, the Light of the Divine Radiant Essence, into your awareness on this occasion, is that
in your pursuit and study and evaluation of that which presently you shall encounter, you will have great need to employ
this Light. 

I would submit for your consideration, that upon each and every occasion, where you are either thinking or considering
or executing any form of thought, word, or deed, that you employ the Light. That this Light be employed in such a way, as to
use it to clarify your thinking. 

I believe you will sense the reasons for this. How many of you have thought of invoking and employing the Light, in your daily
activities and thinking? My brothers and sisters, this is perhaps the most important aspect and usage of the Light.

For those thoughts which course through your minds, which result in some form of action, should always be enveloped and permeated
by this Light. You use a statement in many of your thought processes, which seems to be a type of safeguard, when you state 
(and I use your words): "Thy will be done."

What you are implying, but not stating correctly, is: that the Light will function, as it is intended. 

I merely submit these thoughts, to help clarify your thinking, to make them more responsive and at one with the Light.

To perhaps clear away, some of the clouds of confusion, which unfortunately obscure, much of the thinking upon your planet. 
As well as that observed in your minds. With your employment of the Light, many subtle qualities are to be experienced. 

I have spoken on numerous occasions about the topic called Love. Can any among you, visualize the magnitude of the Love
inherent in this Light? Can you visualize or comprehend this subtle quality as it permeates your beings, and your thoughts,
as you employ the Light?
Can you not be aware and realize that a new, and subtle quality of this very essence, will become at one, with all your
thought processes? 

Would not this Light, then illuminate the darkness, of the outermost reaches, of your minds? Could not your thoughts
as well as your actions, be more readily defined, by the illumination of this Light?

Would not all that is experienced, be that much clearer in your perceptions?

It is unfortunate that, like so many of the terms in your language, that this word 'the Light' has been bantered about so often
and misused. For, people of Earth, my brothers and sisters - had the realization permeated your awareness, of the
nature of that which you were discussing, and truly been born into the essence of your awareness - you would have
been profoundly influenced, in even the manner in which you have treated this word. 

In those days, which lie ahead in your individual futures, would not the very magnificence of the use of the Light,
bring about a new condition of being, as it is employed? You have heard from another brother, that it was a peculiar
type of Light, which emanated from your planetary Sun, which brought about the malfunctioning of natural laws upon your world.
And it was only by the correct application of a Light-substance of different, and enhanced quality, that this other form
of radiation could be nullified? 

If, my brothers and sisters, the Light has such potentials in its employment, do you wish to continue using it so casually?

Would you not rather include it, in its true functions, in your every-day activities?

You need not be concerned as to the functions of the Light. For the Light, my brothers and sisters, needs merely to be called forth.
It's functions are inherent, in itself. 

The Light will always operate, and function, in the correct manner. It cannot be refused, in any way. 
A negative quality of the Light, does not exist. For it could not then be The Light, but would be some
other emanation instead. We have noted your great yearnings, to achieve a more refined degree of awareness.
(You have noted that I have not used the term 'elevated', but merely the term 'a more refined'.)

Consider these thoughts, for your yearnings. For this you approach the Path, that is illuminated by, The Light. 

Should you choose to traverse a path that is different, that is of course, your decision. But I, knowing of the 
intermost yearnings of those upon your planet, cannot conceive of any direction or pursuit, that you would desire
other than that which is True. That which *is*.

I have submitted these thoughts, with your permission, to illumine your thought processes with this Light,
that we have spoken of. For, my beloved Ones, you have great need to employ this Light. 
As the planet upon which you reside at this time passes through the great period of transition. 

Use the Light, so wisely. Employ it often. Your beings will become all the more radiant, by this usage.
And perhaps, my brothers and sisters, that which you anticipate as a period of great difficulty,
will merely become a period of great illumination. It all depends, does it not, on how you appraise it?

Perhaps, my beloved, one of the major problems upon your Earth, is that many do not make the effort
to appraise that which is occurring, in a Light different from that with which they are accustomed.
It does not require any great degree of effort, to transcend those patterns of thinking, in which
you have been caught up, and to, through the use and the employment of this Light, see the way 
more clearly. 

I trust that these concepts, which I have submitted, find their way into the intermost core of your Being, and
its awareness. For when I use this term 'my Beloved', it is a term which describes most adequately, the
scope of my affection, for those of your planet who share these thoughts, as well as all who will eventually
come to know them. 

I leave you now, my Beloved, with these thoughts fresh in your awareness. Tend them with great care, and love,
and you shall see them blossom forth, into the Reality of a new form of Creation. A Creation that will be in
perfect harmony, with that which you are to become. 

I am most pleased that you have allowed me the privilege of imparting these thoughts, from one who is, perhaps,
somewhat older, in his thinking. 

It is always our great privilege to come within the emanations of the Light that each of you represent. 
I am most humbled. And it is with Love, that I depart now. 

In doing so, may I be among the first to invoke this Light, that it become ever more magnified in your Being,
and awareness. It has been my privilege to share these thoughts.

In the Light of Our Radiant One, I depart now. Adonai, my brothers and sisters of Earth. I am Hatonn.

Adonai. 




