
The Vrillon Southern TV Broadcast Message
by Vrillon, Ashtar Galactic Command
Transmitted across Southern Television networks in southern England, November 1977
Transcribed by David Barnett. 

-----

This is the voice of Vrillon, a representative of the Ashtar Galactic
Command, speaking to you. For many years you have seen us as lights in
the skies. We speak to you now in peace and wisdom as we have done to
your brothers and sisters all over this, your planet Earth. 

We come to warn you of the destiny of your race and your world so that you may
communicate to your fellow beings the course you must take to avoid the
disaster which threatens your world, and the beings on our worlds around
you. This is in order that you may share in the great awakening, as the
planet passes into the New Age of Aquarius. 

The New Age can be a time of great peace and evolution for your race, 
but only if your rulers are made aware of the evil forces that can 
overshadow their judgments. 

Be still now and listen, for your chance may not come again. 

All your weapons of evil must be removed. The time for conflict is now past and
the race of which you are a part may proceed to the higher stages of its
evolution if you show yourselves worthy to do this. You have but a short
time to learn to live together in peace and goodwill. 

Small groups all over the planet are learning this, and exist to pass on 
the Light of the dawning New Age to you all. You are free to accept or 
reject their teachings, but only those who learn to live in peace will 
pass to the higher realms of spiritual evolution. 

Hear now the voice of Vrillon, a representative of the Ashtar Galactic
Command, speaking to you. Be aware also that there are many false prophets 
and guides at present operating on your world. 

They will suck your energy from you – the energy you call money and 
will put it to evil ends and give you worthless dross in
return. Your inner Divine self will protect you from this. You must
learn to be sensitive to the voice within that can tell you what is
truth, and what is confusion, chaos and untruth. Learn to listen to the
voice of truth which is within you and you will lead yourselves onto the
path of evolution. 

This is our message to our dear friends. We have watched you growing 
for many years as you too have watched our lights in
your skies. You know now that we are here, and that there are more
beings on and around your Earth than your scientists admit. We are
deeply concerned about you and your path towards the light and will do
all we can to help you. 

Have no fear, seek only to know yourselves, and live in harmony 
with the ways of your planet Earth. 

We here at the Ashtar Galactic Command thank you for your attention. 
We are now leaving the planes of your existence. 

May you be blessed by the supreme love and truth of the Cosmos.

