
A Solar Tour by Mon-ka Channelled by Richard Miller, 1958 Transcribed by OSWG,
2023

---------------------

(Introduction)

Friends, the following discourse, titled "A Solar Tour", is given by a great
Space Being, whose residence is on the planet Hussar, or in our language, Mars. 

This one, who is one of the most widely known beings from another planet, is
known as Mon-ka. We believe you will find this talk interesting, informative,
and thought-provoking. It is our honor to present at this time: Mon-ka.

(Discourse)

Greetings in the Light of Our Radiant One. I am Monka.

At this time, I shall conduct you, on a tour of our solar system. As if all of
you were present aboard one of our craft. 

Leave your planet's surface, and our craft gradually spirals away, towards the
light of this system, the Sun.

The first object which draws our atttention, is the planet known to your
planet as Mercury. 

As we draw closer to this one, we notice the great contrast between Light and
Darkness. We view its rotation: burningly hot on one side, and bitterly cold on
the other. This planet, my brothers, we use as an observation and experimental
station, due to its close proximity to our Sun, it's proved most valuable. There
is no native life on this planet. The only life exhibited is from our peoples'
installations and bases. 

Much knowledge of benefit to Mankind has come from this one. Now, having
observed it's barrenness, we progress outward and that which lies before us, is
indeed a beautiful sight. The planet spoken of in your mythology, the goddess of
Love, and truly, the sight of this one, wrapped in its dazzling gown of white
clouds, is one of great Beauty. I speak now, of Venus.

The Sun's rays, glance brilliantly off these clouds, imparting an aura of great
Loving. These clouds are officially maintained, to help create a Greenhouse
Effect on this planet's surface. And as we descend, we pass through a tremendous
Ocean, of ionizing force. Now, beneath these clouds, which do not completely
shield the Sun's rays from this one's surface, we behold a planet of regal
majesty - almost as beauttiful as your Earth.

Here, lies a great race of people. We see great and mighty things. Ocean crafts.
Color rampant everywhere. And, a feeling of warmth and gaiety. Indeed, these
people are highly regarded throughout this and many other solar systems. Feeling
that expression known as Love, vibrating in the very air about us, we note, that
even your music, speaks of these things. As well as compassion. Of great joys
and sorrows; of feelings, unnumbered in their subtlety, of the emotions of these
people - filling the very air about us. This planet, my brothers, represents an
evolution, only a few thousand years in advance of your own. 

This life is native to this one, and besides yourselves, is the youngest in this
solar system.

Now let us leave this one and proceed to one perhaps more familiar to you: your
own planet. The green emerald of the solar system, the Earth. This is a most
inspiring sight. Your planet, my brothers, is one which has contributed much to
its neighbors. But since we are speaking of other things at the moment, let us
move on. 

And proceeding outward, we see that bright red-green in your evening skies. That
planet known to your astronomers as Mars. Unfortunately, due to your
mythology, the terms of violence is associated with it, which is quite untrue.
The only violence on this, my planet, is in our struggle against the elements. 

Now as we glide in close to this one, we find evidence, that indicates that Man
has been on this one for a considerable length of time. We see the remains of
great civilizations, along the silent length of the canals. But, the planet is
not dead, as we note, that a great deal of activity is centered in certain
places. And that huge shafts lead into this planet's interior. For you see,
people of Earh, most of our living area and industry is underground. As our
craft circles this one, we see evidence here of great actvitiy. Our instruments
records the presence of vast industrial progress. Here we discover that most
of the spacecraft used by the Confederation, in this sector fo space, is
manufactured. Here the civilization represents a picture of great antiquity.
But the very nature of the planet's appearance, indicates a type of vitality, a
drive, that suggests monumental effort, and the spark that has created a people,
and a race, that survives.

On our left, we see high mountain chains, purple plateaus, crimson deserts, and
at the poles as our craft approaches, a lovely green area, where a city of
scintillating splendor greets our eyes. Mars is far from the usual decay,
thought to be a partner of great age, as our eyes record. Since this is my
planet, I thought it in order to explain these things. Now let us leave this one
and spiral outwards again. 

And Lo! what do we behold, but a swirling dervish! A ring of tiny fragments -
that known to you, as the Asteroid Belt. The remains of a planet. These remnants
swirl around my planet, and the one from which life sprang in this system. 

We look closer now and behold the mightiest of all the planets of the solar
system, the one known as Jupiter. And truly this is a singular sight to gaze
upon! With its many moons circulating about it. Those that were created, and
those natural from the point of creation. 

We look down, and sigh. It begins to dim one's comprehension of size. We see
huge cloud flotillas, mighty lands abounding, tremendous oceans, and the oldest
civilization present in this solar system.

Here reside those beings which overlook man's affairs in this sector of space.
This is truly the birthplace of life upon our planet. Gaze, with wonder and awe
- look upon the majesty, of this, the home, and cradle, of Man in this solar
system.

For here we see, and here dwells, those mighty beings of the Adamic Race. The
shimmering haze about this one, blinds your telescopes to the realities present,
or the effects of light distorted by this one's glowing fields of force, hides
the truth from the eyes of men, upon your planet. 

So we find the air is light and balmy. It is vibrant. For we see an atmosphere
golden in color, and great beings, native to this one, whose skin is of golden
radiance. Beings, fair-haired and majestic. We also see here a civilization that
exists partly between the physical and the etheric. 

Whenever we are close to this one, our very beings leap in recognition, and we
send our thoughts of love and gratitude. 

Let us now proceed again, outwards, and we approach the planet known to you as
Saturn. The Law Guardian for this System. Here are found the courts of Equality.
Here again, your music describes compassion and understanding, the necessary
ingredients of true Guardianship. 

In the hours of Daylight, brief as they are, the Sun's rays glance off the tall
marble structures. We see halls, we see pavillions. Everywhere about us, the
architecture seems to stand symbolic. Symbolic of these ones' administration of
the Great Radiance. 

Here also, we find a native race, whose very essence, is a Life of Balance and
Harmony, brought about by the understanding of the Great Laws of Cause and
Effect. 

Now we gradually spiral upwards again in our craft, we see their moon, their
areas of recreation, set as they are amid the halo, shimmering lights provided
by their force fields, described as they are by your people as 'rings'. 

We are afforded a vista of truly enchanting splendor, arising vast beyond
comprehension, open vistas to our eyes. Watch as this one whirls through the
brief hours of daylight and dusk. 

And now, as we move on, and spiral out - we come next to a lovely sight. The
planet known to you as Neptune. The bearded one, with his trident. We see here,
my brothers, a planet whose atmosphere glows with an electric blue color. 

We see evidence, as we circle closer, that here, evolution traversing here along
a different route, has progressed through the physical, and all life exists as
Etheric. We find a native race, existing in the shadowy outline of core-steady
Light, and they welcome our Presence. 

A feeling of great Joy pervades our bodies, as these ones unleash wave and wave
of welcome. As we park our craft and hover, we see wave after wave of color
greet our eyes. 

For, there is little to see, upon this one's surface. Lovely as it is. For all
life seems to abound in the very air itself. Great shadowy outlines of these
ones, lift upon the currents of the air itself, from one place to another. The
clouds about us shape and re-shape in formations resembling truly Cathedrals in
the Sky, as these ones connect their thoughts to the moulding of Matter itself. 

We sense the relation as beside our craft, a shape begins to materialize and the
thought invades our mind, that this is a gift, in appreciation of our visit. 

Below us, there forms from thought alone, a replica of your Earth, conceived by
these great minds, rotating slowly on it's axis, bathed in the rich and molt
colors, known throughout the Galaxy.

Visitors from many regions stop here to see the greatest works of mental art
exhibited. And to these people, this art is their export. Their gift to Man,
scattered as he is, along the Galactic Lens.

For these ones provide Beauty, as their talent. Let us hope, my brothers, that
soon you shall witness these things for yourselves.

Let us move on now though, and examine the next site. For we see the planet
known as Uranus. Here our eyes tell us, is not a cold, frigid desolate waste,
but a certain warmth, though coldness encompasseth as we descend and see a
lovely land of rolling meadows and softly flowing forests. There is very little
water on this planet, but the rich clouds above us, do assure an adequate supply
for the lush vegetation presentt below on the surface.

Here also is a native race, wise with experience, controlling their ionosphere
to produce this garden spot at the near edge of the Solar System.

Now as we continue gliding along, we see the tiniest of coves, little bays and
inlets, along the coast, the only Ocean present.

Here also, we come upon the Uranians! A race noted for their powers of
observation. A race that provides trained navigators for the space fleets of
many galaxies. 

Strange, is it not, that these people are so noted? These men prowl the
uttermost reaches of that known as the Universe, always providing that unerring
sense that is theirs, and leaving behind a planet that is one of the most
pleasant recreational areas in this solar system. For Uranus is noted as a
garden spot, a place where one can come to shed everyday problems of life,
temporarily, and enjoy the warm contentment of the mighty forests and plains.
Many of our people come here to spend time such as many of your people enjoy
outdoor activities.

Here the dreamlike quality of the air itself seems possessed of healing
qualities, and the scattered cities provide one with the sense of quiet often
needed. Some of the great institutions of learning, also exist here. 

But now let us move out again, and view the remaining planets left, the one you
know as Pluto. 

The dazzling white glare of this one can be seen from a great distance, and
would seem to indicate the presence of perhaps a frigid world. But again, our
eyes are deceived. For as we spiral inwards, we notice that no frozen wastes
greet our eyes, but instead, lightly rolling dunes of bleached white sand. For
my brothers, Pluto is an arid desert world. No native life is in evidence.

But as we swing around this one's equator, we do notice the presence of Man, and
on a gigantic scale. For here are the great space ports, the trade centers, the
planet that is the hub of trade relations throughout this section of the galaxy.
The presence of large shelves here, mammoth loading areas, huge ramps and
expressways, come into sight as we drive along. And activities vast beyond
belief.

We see the spacecraft from a hundred different Suns, from all the reaches of the
Galaxy. Berths and their cradles, and the loading and unloading of strange
cargoes. Man here stands face to face with Men from all parts of the Galaxy.
Sometimes, they even stare at one another's exhibits of progress, from these
many worlds. 

I believe the women of your planet would never leave this place, for we have
noted their great curiosity for long excursions to procure goods. This is the
heart of man's trade and exchange qualities. Pluto, a desolate planet, devoid of
native life, but tamed and converted to Man's uses.  A seat proclaiming man's
eagerness to still utilize the gifts of Creation. 

Now since there is little of interest left here, let us move on and outward, to
a point several million miles beyond the orbit of Pluto. 

Here, a strange sight comes to our vision. For we see a huge platform in space,
an artificially created world, a miniature planet. As we draw closer, we see a
thriving metropolis, landing berths of tremendous size. Here the mighty
starships, too large to ever touch a planet's surface, are moored in space,
their cargoes unloaded and ferried to Pluto by more conventional craft. Here
also we see the legendary ships from the planets of the star known as Procion.
These craft represent technologies and evolutions of a most advanced form of
Man. An estimate of the age of these ones, approaches what could be called in
your terminology, an age of over 50 billion years. 

Now as our craft circles and we descend, we land on a large stage. High in the
upper reaches of this metropolis, we disembark for a few moments, and proceed,
to a viewing platform. Here we stand, before us, are the stars of an entire
Universe. 

Presenting a challenge, which has fired our imaginations as well as yours. Here
we gaze upon infinity. 

For, in over 20 thousand years of space travel, we have never yet found an end.
There always lies infinity before us. We stand here, somewhat humbled, for here
we see a majesty that staggers the mind. Here we gaze, upon the awesomeness of
the Universe. Here we see that which was orderly created, not for the puny
explorations of Man, but for the Creation of Self and Being. Of experience and
growth. Of the true learning, of all Wisdom, and Knowledge. Here we stand upon a
platform, a threshold, overlooking the Universe and now we turn, and look back
over this miniature atom which we call our Solar System. Let us try and envision
its place and relationship to all that lies about us. 

Parsec upon parsec of Space, Galaxy ad infintum. We stand in wonderment, and we
think. How small are we, in this limitless vastness? But yet how proud we are.
For this, my brothers, is Man's attainment. His effort to reach towards that
which he knows is Supreme. That One, that is All. Here we behold the handiwork
of Man, and as we now turn and once again face outwards, we behold the handiwork
of Our Creator. 

Beauty and Majesty arrayed before us, and behind us, Man's strivings towards
this goal. The realization comes to us that all Life, everywhere in the
Universe, is striving for Kinship. For Reunion, with the Essence from which it
all came. And now, my brothers and sisters, we must return.

We board our craft and slowly spiral inwards towards your planet the Earth. We
trust that this little excursion beyond the confines of your world, has brought
the realization that you are not alone in this Cosmic Mansion. That these Halls
are peopled. And that those of Earth, have as a part of their heritage, a
rightful place in this drama of evolution and inter-stellar effort. You have
been tourists for the past few moments, but you shall soon be participants. It
has been my privilege to escort you on this tour, but I must now leave.

In the Light of Our Radiant One, I depart now, leaving you with a little melody
which speaks more eloquently of Love, than perhaps even I can expect it. I am
Monka. 

Adonai my brothers of Earth. Adonai. 



