Universal Vibration
by Monka 
Channeled by Richard Miller, 1958
Transcribed by OSWG, 2023

-------


(Introduction)

The last of the original Galaxy series, is considered by many to be the most stirring discourse in the Solar Cross Library, to the present time.
Although narrated by Monka, the main proclamation is given by the great spiritual being known as Eesu (Jesus).
It is with deep reverance that we present at this time Eesu and Monka, discussing Universal Vibration.

(Discourse)

Greetings, O children of the Light! I am Monka. 

My little talk at this time concerns a topic known as Universal Vibration. 

I have suggested that certain forms of music known to your people, accompany my
words. Therefore, if you will be so kind.. 

(Music begins)

Throughout the cosmos, my brothers, there is a force, there is a drive, known as the Thought of Our Divine One.
This Thought, permeates all of the known Universes and all levels of vibration. 

This Thought, spreads through the reaches of all Space and Time.

It has its Essence in that known as Light, it starts with fingers of Etheric substance, through all of the reaches
of that which is known. It spreads in ever-widening circles, through the very pores of all that which is known as Matter.
It is Omnipotence. It is Glory, and Majesty. It is the Essence of all that which is. It is Truth. Light. Wisdom, and Understanding.

It is Love. It *is*.

All consists of energy, matter and thought. Three manifestations of that which is known as Original with our Creator.
All existing upon planes of reference known as vibration. Or, more commonly, frequency. 

In following this, let us look up on these various planes of reference. Let us look at first the planes of Thought.
First we examine that which gives infinitely fine, that which is crystal in its clarity, that which is sharper and more 
concise than the finest edges of steel. It is a force ebbing and flowing, pulsating through the Universe,
expanding ever outwards, ever onwards. A form of nebulous substance. I speak of substance in this sense: as that
so subtle, that only those things of a subtle nature, can so comprehend, and receive information, intelligence, and
wisdom from this thing known as Thought.

From these three, purpose in the lower planes of vibration is manifest. We speak of the Ether, we speak of nebulousness, we speak of mists, and
yet, Thought is really none of these. It is so fine. 

I pause, to let my words enter your consciousness and seek their true level. 

I paused many times in my experiences, to consider these topics of which I speak. 

Thought, indeed the forerunner of all expressions, that follow forth on planes of reference. 
It is not known amongst your peoples, but Time is also involved at this point. 
Time, a tempo, a pulse-beat, a thing of vibrance. Here you find a characteristic again, a form of motion and of Essence.
Softly, in the intermost core of that which is known as substance, there lurks this pulsing. 

This minute steering of the tiniest of atoms, of their existence, in a plane or dimension known as Time. 

Time, the measure of the period between the occurrence and the conclusion of manifestation. 

Perhaps I voice a thought and a concept unique to your peoples' ways of thinking, but as I talk, the measured tread of that
known as Time, the footsteps and rhythms pulse with a birth of a Radiance, from Our Divine One. 
Time will course through not only your Beings, but that of all substance, everywhere in the Universe. 
Swelling, expanding and growing, with great Light. Reaching out, infiltrating, pulsing and dashing against the very
smallest grains or specks of that known as dust. 

Throughout all Creation, the Universe teams with and is in tune with the heartbeat - a measured pulse. It gives rise
to that which is known as Cycles, as Periods. Revolving upon themselves, and yet, at the same time, moving forwards
or as I like to express it: ascending, reaching ever higher, growing more indistinct, losing that which is known as
Objectiveness and Identity. 

Becoming more and more in tune with this universal pulse, with its feelings rampant, in harmony with its Essence. 
Can you not respond? 

Can you not reach forth and touch this thing called Time?

Can you not sense in a sense different in a sense different than that which comes to your objective mind?

Time...Time. 

In allowing for this to be absorbed by your Beings, we have created a new condition, a new form, a new concept. 

Now we shall examine another plane of reference. Another form of vibration.

Let us look for something worldly, of our attention. Let us look for something, my brothers, which will appeal, which will
reach out and touch. Something we can be most intimate with. Something common. Something that is a form. 

We proceed now to that which is known as Substance, that which is known as Matter, and a plane only slightly removed from that
which is known as Physical, or denseness. From the forms known as Thought and Light, we find vibrations descending a scale,
ever-reaching, about to engulf all which follows. We find these thoughts filtering down through that first vibrations or
frequencies. Slightly lower energy, slightly minor in effect, and here we find the purpose of Thought beginning to manifest
itself in that which is known as the Etheric. 

Yes, this is Substance, Substance refined and of a nature certainly worthy of our attentions. 

For here we find certain life forms. Certain essences of Consciousness, of Beings, who dwell upon this plane for a noble
purpose. For that of communicating this Thought to other forms of matter. Of giving it intenseness, clarity, and again,
a form of expression. 

Here, we find beings who surround themselves in that which is known as Light. 
Whose sole communication, is through the transfer of thought into vibrations known as Light.
Lightly, softly playing with the skill, such as great men known as Composers to your people,
have exercised upon the vibrations of sound.

Here we find Light, fluctuating or modulating, another form of matter. Here we find Thought
which begins to penetrate even the dullest consciousness, with a characteristic equality, that known
as Reverence. The Cosmic forces, having expressed themselves in forms of thought, cloak themselves in 
vibrations of Light, establishing conditions of Being.

Now, stretch forth to embrace the next vibration. This, my brothers and sisters, is where great inspirations arrive from. Where great influences
are felt, and impact upon the form of life known as physical substance, or matter.

A vibration, that which you are aware of, filters into the consciousness of that known as Mind, belonging to mortals. 

We find a richness, a warmth, a light. The minds of men, the products of successive creation, of infinite Love, Understanding
and Beauty. Of greatness and Nobleness. The minds of men, experiencing all manner of vibrations, coming from Above,
coming from planes about them, and coming from great ones who volunteered their services, who have descended,
from loftier steeps, to enter your plane of reference, and express great gifts of Truth, great Ideals and Teachings. 

Throughout the evolution of this form of substance, we find reactions present, we find the minds of men
experiencing gallops of sensation - from extreme, to extreme. And yet, ever seeking to obtain a form of Balance.
A form of Rest, in which to receive more fully, or comprehend these thoughts, which constantly come down from loftier
planes. 

Truly, my brothers, men upon the surface of all planets, have felt great occurrences, have experienced
great truths, have met with inspirations, which have molded and blended their Beings into
the more radiant representations, of our Original Divine Thought.

It was upon a period of time, in your planet's early evolutions, that a great and mighty Being drifted
down and materialized. To add his presence to a vibration and become not finite, but, infinite.

Upon this occasion, great forces were released. A great Being had arrived. The very atoms of all
substance, even molecules, trembled in their boots. All matter responded, with a thrill to this
new-come and expanded one's Being. The rocks and minerals, the vegetation, the very air itself pulsed
with a new breath. Inhaled a new vibration, and experienced a greater feeling, a greater Being,
for this one, this one descended to bring to that known as Earth, a great Truth.. a great Truth was
to be for Earth's peoples. A great Lesson was presented.

A great message delivered upon this day of your time. A great longing was felt. Man in his dimmed awareness,
suddenly become cognizant, of a new story within. A greater joy of living began to penetrate his Being.

A more noble calling. That which spoke of the Infiniteness of the Universe. Of a Divine.

Even the wind which coursed about this great Teacher, and their stirrings about your planet, carried the message. 
But the vibration! Within the breast of Man there stirred a new beginning. A new purpose, a new goal.
Again, as he had many times before, Man experienced a touch that he could not discredit. 

And this one whose message was heard about the circumference of that known as Earth, 
had great purpose in being present. He had much to speak of. 

His was a humbleness and a sincerity. A great nobleness, for this one brought with him his Beingness, a Presence.
He spoke a great Truth as follows:

"I am the Son, I am the Way, and the Light, to all them I am the Way."

Man has heard this one's message, repeated down through the ages. It is to do with, it is his to act upon. 
My brothers and sisters, I Monka, have been given the privilege of expressing certain thoughts to your peoples. 

It has been said, that you have eyes with which to see, ears with which to hear, and voices with which to express.

Might I remind you of one thing: you have Love, which can be shared with your fellow beings. Open your minds
and hearts, my brothers. Your ways speak not of childishness particularly, but of unenlightened folly. You pursue
pathways which are devious. The Light, my brothers, has always been with you.

Unveil your eyes, expand your Being, and embrace even the Sun which greets your morning skies, with opened
arms and minds. 

If you would but stand upon your feet and express the dignity of your Beings, if you would but realize the capabilities,
the intent in your very Presence, if you would only share that which is within, and give unto all forms of Creation,
that which is a part of You. 

Your lives would have new meaning. Your experiences would be richer. You would be deluged with warmth and understanding. 

Your strife would cease. Your politics end, and truly Peace would be yours. 

As well as Understanding.

I find within myself and within that of my brothers, we who glide above your planet, who witness your deeds, who communicate our thoughts,
who experience even as you my brothers, a certain longing, a certain pity, and yet within our breasts, there dwells a knowledge,
that within your beings, as within ours, that Light is present. It is not enclosed or encased.

It merely needs a fan to spark. To glow. And to expand. 

We long, O people of Earth, to share our thoughts. We have waited, we have experienced, we have witnessed your turmoils. 
We have accepted that which you represent. We have offered Love and Understanding. We merely wish for you to partake of
the fruits which are ripened and are yours. Help yourselves. 

Open your hearts to receive that which is great, good, and just. Let your being .. (tape ends)


